Pownce Beta Impressions Update: Uploads Work!
Published on July 19, 2007.
Hmm. It looks like they fixed the uploads .
Oh, Leah Culver, when will you learn that hotswaps aren’t infallible …
So now Pownce is actually kinda neat.
One issue I saw was that one of the MP3s I uploaded (umm, totally a song I wrote and performed myself…) played at like, .01x speed.
Weird. Also, I had registered as a “friend” of some people, then removed the friendship (or fanship) and their messages still stayed on my page for a while. Oh well.
Other than that, the site sure is slick.
I can see this being a cool way to share neat music with people.
It comes with its own mp3 player (which has some bugs), but so does gmail.
I like the instant gratification feeling though.
Aw hell, it’s fun to use, even if it isn’t a serious replacement for that thing I like to call “electronic mail.”